docs: add revert info for gatsby-dev (#22897)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/contributing/setting-up-your-local-dev-environment.md

  - Note: if you plan to modify packages that are exported from `gatsby` directly, you need to either add those manually to your test sites so that they are listed in `package.json` (e.g. `yarn add gatsby-link`), or specify them explicitly with `gatsby-dev --packages gatsby-link`).

> - To revert the cloned code by `gatsby-dev` you can remove the `node_modules` directory or run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you've recently run `gatsby-dev` your `node_modules` will be out of sync with current published packages. In order to undo this, you can remove the `node_modules` directory or run:
```

Author: changed in readme and doc

```shell
git checkout package.json; yarn --force
```

or

> ```shell

Reviewer: Let's remove npm to keep these docs consistent on yarn as best practices.

Author: i changed it only in doc for consistency

Q: should i also remove this in readme? there is no explicit yarn there?

Reviewer: I'd say we can leave it in the README since it's already there/may be accessed separately from the docs.
